laughter
we
alright what is today april third 23rd
opening day for the third season you
know I'm out here actually my dad and I
SAT this morning I had another location
and we had a hand and a Jake and that
kind of circle around us a bunch of
times but just know Tom's we had early
we hardly heard any gobbling and we got
up walked around tried sit for you know
a little bit couple different spots see
if we could get a gobble but nothing
going so we decided to take a drive and
come over here where Fisher got us first
turkey as you'll see later on in the
video and sure enough we're walking
through the woods and my dad sees a time
all strutted out in the middle of the
field and we got up a little bit closer
and he started calling and walking away
trying to get the birds to move towards
him I kind of hunkered down behind a
tree and two hands came out he was all
strutted out and got within about 25
yards pulled the trigger and Donnie goes
so we're going to tag this bird and you
can see it's actually a really nice bird
couple year old bird
and get the tag on here actually it's
gonna take two goods
alright we're legal nice long beard on
them just a beautiful Wisconsin turkey
big old fan you know in the sunlight
Walker on the corner all you could see
was bright red on his on his head and
the reflection off these feathers just
an absolute beautiful beautiful specimen
very nice well now that turkey season is
done it's time to go fishing enjoy the
rest of the video like you say Fisher
got his first bird during the youth hunt
and we got a little bit more on video
with that one watch him here to attack
the decoy and watch him pull the trigger
and the bird flop and he tells his
little story on how it all went down to
but
you
Oh
they're all coming how the roost
so why don't you tell us what happened
no just tell us what happened tom hollie
came in and there are three running I I
did you told me I saw comin in and I got
up and then you say it comes to this and
um I saw and then you're telling me the
suit and I could not find them in my
scope and then you told me to shoot and
then I pulled the trigger and i thought
i was gonna miss him but i actually did
it well then I'm like I got him in the
house and then then I sound something
round and round it and like oh that's a
dead bird I guess till next time I want
to thank my dad doing her own you got a
good record going I'm Troy Peterson mr.
video will pick today's underwater
Oh